# Are Movies good for us?
Yes,most of movies factly present a positive connotation for us. In modern society, everyone grow up with movies.
(example: Lion King,Forrest Gump，Nuovo cinema Paradiso)
If these movies really do harm to our development, the human's society will also be hard to imagine. But in reality, life is good, the world is good. So the movies is also good without a doubt.
# When are movies not good for us?
 Movies are always produced in order to cater to specific audiences. Although as I mentioned above, films which have a positive connotation cover great majority, but in order to please the audiences, the directors usually add plenty af acts in the films to make the films more amazing and attractive such as stunts, Super-physical appearance and exaggerated relationships which does not exist in real life. When a man addict in the spots or stunts in a movie, and he is not able to come back to real life, the movies play a bad role.
#  Are there differences between Chinese and Western movies?
In the era of globalization, actually the difference of movies btween countries is shrinking a lot. Chinese actors come to Hollywood and western actors also act in oriental films. 
If you really want to talk about the differences, I am more willing to take about cultures and histories between East and West firstly.
>  中国历史悠久，历史素材很多。西方思想启蒙早，所以涉猎范围极广。

So as far as I can see, domestic film pay attention to the drama, war films, educational films based. Most of the material comes from history or masterpieces in Chinese culture. 
Western film dabble in a wide range of ethics, science fiction, funny, horror, love, records and so on many aspects. They spend more efforts on the presentation of the movies rather than the connotation. 